Online Markdown Editor (OME)
============================
[Live Hackathon Chat](http://tlk.io/ii_hackathon)
---
*We are running a live hackathon chat on tlk.io.  Please visit the [Live Hackathon Chat](http://tlk.io/ii_hackathon) to discuss, collaborate, or offer feedback.*

*trav change*

*This is just a markdown file on Github.*

You can view the original File, User, and Repo, using the links at the top right.

If you'd like to load a different Markdown File from Github, return home, or append it's URI to `http://www.onlinemarkdowneditor.com/docs/`.


FAQ
---

### What is the OME?
The Online Markdown Editor ( currently only an advanced viewer ) renders any Markdown File on Github as documentation with navigation index.

### How does the OME work?
The OME renders markdown in a manner that is best suited for Documentation ( originally built for API Documentation ). While rendering, `h1`, `h2`, and `h3` headers are pulled and rendered as a mobile friendly index to the left of the original rendered markdown.

There are plans to build out an inline editor that allows documentation to be updated within the editor without leaving the rendered markdown.  This will make keeping Great Documentation incredibly easy, especially for Open Source Projects.

### Why was it built?
The OME grew from an internal project where we were rendering our company's API Documentation from a Markdown File.  We realized how simple this was to maintain, and saw it allow us to effortlessly maintain Great Documentation.

We found that we simply didn't update our Docs frequently enough when trying to maintain documentation outside our project, in multiple linked files within Github, or any number of proprietary SaaS apps.

WIth the OME, you can maintain even very large documentation files ( our API Docs are over 50 pages now ) within the project rep, using your favorite text editor.

This is the easiest way we can imagine maintaining Great Documentation.

### Are private files secure?
Yes. Learn more in the Security section below.


Security
--------
Security on Github is maintained with the OME.
- Public Files can be viewed by anyone and without logging into a Github account.
- Viewing Private Files require users to Login with their Github account.  Their account must have access to Pull the File they are trying to view.


Example API Documentation
=========================
*Here is an example section from our company's API Docs.*

Create an Industry ( POST )
---------------------------

### The Request
Make a POST request to `/companies/industries/` and append a data package consisting of a JSON Industry object. 

### Request Body Fields

- `source_id` *required* *must exist*
- `company_id` *required* *must exist*
- `term_id` *required* *must exist*
- `score`
- `verified`
- `last_updated` *ignored* *generated by the API*

### Duplicate Prevention
The API checks for duplicate Industries before creating a new one.  Creation will fail if the specified combination of `company_id` and `term_id` already exists.

### cURL Request Example

```
curl -H "Expect:" -u user:pass -X POST 'http://api.privatecortex.com/companies/industries/' -d '
{
	"source_id": 1,
	"company_id": 145,
	"term_id": 12,
	"score": 42,
	"verified": 1
}
'
```

Create a Certification ( POST )
-------------------------------
The same as Create an Industry, except the endpoint is `/companies/certifications/`.

Create a Business Type ( POST )
-------------------------------
The same as Create an Industry, except the endpoint is `/companies/business_types/`.

Create a Category ( POST )
--------------------------
*not available in V1.0*
The same as Create an Industry, except the endpoint is `/companies/categories/`.


Creating Great Documentation with OME
=====================================
How to use the OME?


Public Projects Used
====================

We are planning to open-source the Online Markdown Editor project as part of our Hackathon.  We need to do a security audit before hand, however, to ensure we aren't sharing any private information.  In the mean time, you can view the public and open-source projects that we are currently using as part of the Online Markdown Editor.

- [GitHub API Client](https://github.com/KnpLabs/php-github-api)
- Markdown Parsers:
	- [PHP Markdown Extra Extended](https://github.com/egil/php-markdown-extra-extended)
		- This is the markdown parser currently implemented in the Online Markdown Editor.
	- [Sublime Markdown Extended](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/sublime-markdown-extended)
		- Another markdown parser we've tried.
- Markdown Index Generator
	- We've developed this as part of the project, and will open source it tomorrow.
- [Javascript Index Generator](http://mmenu.frebsite.nl/)
- Web Framework: [Codeigniter](http://ellislab.com/codeigniter)
- Database: [MySQL](http://www.mysql.com/)


Future Features
===============

Public Features
---------------
- Inline Editor to edit Documentation from within the rendered markdown.
- Improved navigation that scrolls to allow large Documentation with lots of Index Items usable.

Premium Features
----------------
- *premium* Branding via custom CSS for your Documentation.
- *premium* Ability to use your own domain / subdomain with your Docs.
